Mesh_3: Add weighted images (#5597)
CGAL/cgal: Mesh_3/doc/Mesh_3/Mesh_3.txt

Cut view of a 3D mesh produced from a segmented liver image. Code from subsection \ref Mesh_3_subsection_examples_3d_image generates this file.
\cgalFigureEnd

\subsubsection Mesh_3DomainsFrom3DImagesWithWeights Domains From Segmented 3D Images, with Weights

When a segmented image is given as input, the generated mesh surface sometimes sticks too closely
to the voxels surface, causing an aliasing effect.
A solution to generate a smooth and accurate output surface was described by Stalling et al in

> \cgalCite{stalling1998weighted}. It consists in generating a second input image, made
> of integer coefficients called "weights". This image can be generated using

Author: ```suggestion
\cgalCite{stalling1998weighted}. It consists in generating a second input image, made
of integer coefficients called "weights", and use those weights to define smoothing domain boundaries. The image of weights can be generated using
```

Author: That is a suggestion. I am not completely sure of the wording "image of weights".

to the voxels surface, causing an aliasing effect.
A solution to generate a smooth and accurate output surface was described by Stalling et al in
\cgalCite{stalling1998weighted}. It consists in generating a second input image, made

> of integer coefficients called *weights*, and use those weights to define smoothing domain boundaries.

Author: "*smoothing* domain boundaries": That does not sound right, does it?

Reviewer: indeed. I meant *smoother*
